Refactor(eos_designs): Optimize templating and variable handling (#1997)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/release-notes/3.x.x.md

## Release 3.8.0

### Data model modifications (non-breaking)

This section provides an overview of the data models that have ***changed*** from the previous release, but are backwards compatible.

No changes are required for existing deployments.

#### Changes to eos_designs role

- __Node Types variables:__

  - `node_type_keys.<key>.custom_templates_extra_vars` introduced in 3.7.0 has been removed. This is non-breaking since the templating environment

>   used for custom templates now supports all host- and groupvars by default.

Reviewer: This look like a very germanic way of writing things :) I would suggest rewriting it along these lines.

```suggestion
  used for custom templates now supports all host and group vars by default.
```
